c:\users\ignat_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlinePlayer\OnlinePlayer\bin\Debug\OnlinePlayer.exe.config
c:\users\ignat_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlinePlayer\OnlinePlayer\bin\Debug\OnlinePlayer.exe
c:\users\ignat_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlinePlayer\OnlinePlayer\bin\Debug\OnlinePlayer.pdb
c:\users\ignat_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlinePlayer\OnlinePlayer\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\ignat_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlinePlayer\OnlinePlayer\obj\Debug\Resources\Bitmaps.baml
c:\users\ignat_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlinePlayer\OnlinePlayer\obj\Debug\Resources\Dimensions.baml
c:\users\ignat_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlinePlayer\OnlinePlayer\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\ignat_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlinePlayer\OnlinePlayer\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\ignat_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlinePlayer\OnlinePlayer\obj\Debug\OnlinePlayer_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\ignat_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlinePlayer\OnlinePlayer\obj\Debug\OnlinePlayer.g.resources
c:\users\ignat_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlinePlayer\OnlinePlayer\obj\Debug\OnlinePlayer.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ignat_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlinePlayer\OnlinePlayer\obj\Debug\OnlinePlayer.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ignat_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlinePlayer\OnlinePlayer\obj\Debug\OnlinePlayer.exe
c:\users\ignat_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlinePlayer\OnlinePlayer\obj\Debug\OnlinePlayer.pdb
c:\users\ignat_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlinePlayer\OnlinePlayer\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\ignat_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlinePlayer\OnlinePlayer\obj\Debug\OnlinePlayer_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\ignat_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlinePlayer\OnlinePlayer\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\ignat_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlinePlayer\OnlinePlayer\obj\Debug\Resources\GeneralTheme.baml
C:\Users\ignat_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\OnlinePlayer\OnlinePlayer\obj\Debug\OnlinePlayer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ignat_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\OnlinePlayer\OnlinePlayer\obj\Debug\Views\StartPanel.g.cs
C:\Users\ignat_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\OnlinePlayer\OnlinePlayer\obj\Debug\Views\StartPanel.baml
C:\Users\ignat_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\OnlinePlayer\OnlinePlayer\obj\Debug\Views\AssetVideo.baml
C:\Users\ignat_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\OnlinePlayer\OnlinePlayer\obj\Debug\Views\AssetVideo.g.cs
C:\Users\ignat_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\OnlinePlayer\OnlinePlayer\obj\Debug\OnlinePlayer_Content.g.cs
